README.md, before:

# Packetgraph Sys

This repository contains binding of [packetgraph](https://github.com/outscale/packetgraph) network library in [Rust lang](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

Packetgraph is a network library based on DPDK for fast network construction as a graph.

First, you need to [install packetgraph](https://github.com/outscale/packetgraph#building) on you system.

You can launch `cargo test` to run a sanity check.

## License

```
Copyright 2017 Outscale SAS

Butterfly is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 as published
by the Free Software Foundation.

Butterfly is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Butterfly.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```

Commit message:

README: no contribution accepted
Signed-off-by: Jérome Jutteau <jerome.jutteau@outscale.com>

README.md, after:

# Packetgraph Sys

This repository contains binding of [packetgraph](https://github.com/outscale/packetgraph) network library in [Rust lang](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

Packetgraph is a network library based on DPDK for fast network construction as a graph.

First, you need to [install packetgraph](https://github.com/outscale/packetgraph#building) on you system.

You can launch `cargo test` to run a sanity check.

## Contributions

No contribution is accepted at the moment on the project

## License

```
Copyright 2017 Outscale SAS

Butterfly is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 as published
by the Free Software Foundation.

Butterfly is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Butterfly.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```
